My sister
Don't let anything happen to you.
The big one?
Your rebel
You don't know if you're okay, let me know.
Make me worry like this
Mom, it's not his fault
Langfang always takes action to save me
If it weren't for Song Qianqian, this idiot
Come out in the middle of the night and run into the mountains
He didn't save him because I was brave and decisive
Otherwise, he would have been feeding mosquitoes in the mountains by now
Today is your fiancee
And your future wife
You save him
It should be
I bought food and came back
Auntie, you are here too
Mom, Cher is here to help
But I think Aggie is all right now.
This place is enough for our family
Outsiders should leave quickly
Cher, let's go out first
Mr. Song, stop